what's with the jeans by the way that
reminds me my cousin Julie chimed in on
the Nick hawk tattoo thing oh yeah let
me read you what she she does a lot of
tattoos and knows a lot about mmm
here it is Nick Hawk here he goes she
writes my cousin Julia I was always
confused about what the hell Nick Hawks
tattoo when a shoulder was it's way we
should oh yeah let's bring it up yeah
yeah yeah oh this is a good image I
think to use for what we're discussing
let's see there is a how do you say how
do you say I can't look at this
motherfucker what is that
so that's what I asked her about because
so you should set some you know context
your cousin has a lot of times my cousin
Julie and her husband Justin they are
like I would consider them tattoo
aficionados sure they both have a lot
julie has a lot of tattoos she you know
she hangs out in that community right
she knows what the folks she's talking
about yeah she knows a turd when she
sees one she knows it's her yeah totes
and so I thought it was a bad cover up
on his shoulder as well I was like oh is
he covering up something shitty and she
thought it was a poorly executed
cover-up the closer she says I look at
it the more I think that it's a poorly
executed venom transformation tattoo
from the spider-man comics if I'm
correct it's supposed to be the black
goo that encapsulates someone and turns
them into the venom character if you
look closely at his elbow and certain
pics you can clearly see the sharp
pointy teeth that venom has right so
it's like when that character that venom
character
it's like it grows on you and takes over
you yeah it looks really cool
it doesn't look douchey at all and I
like that it's there's more here it's
down the hip it's horrible I tell you
something and I'm not a tattoo
aficionado what I would look at more but
they're all so dumb oh my good night
Irene
really Oh somebody that guy's got better
tats good here we are I mean look I just
I feel like they're super lame think
about him it he's just a guy that takes
himself too seriously that's why yeah
it's kind of sucks and he's got the
venom stuff growing over his his cock
and balls see that's what she's talking
about
yeah you know and then it takes over you
I mean just takes himself too seriously
that's why it's lame yeah way too
seriously please like us know how do you
click out of this you know I can't go do
it yeah it's a lot it's just not there
not cool too and as far as I know in the
tattooing world or he didn't she was
cool ones like that guys got like tough
ones kind of cool
yeah you know there should be some
skulls right there should be some bloody
hearts or something like my cousin she's
got like some fucking dope ass chest
piece with like a hard and you know cool
cool stuff spider webs on elbows that
stuff's cool yeah the knuckle tats I'm a
huge fan of knuckle tats though this is
like whack I feel like it stuck we did
Playgirl Oh get your life everything
about him is oh boy yeah I'm working on
my raps poor guy huh you know I kiddin
there's a lot he's suffering inside